okay I'm switching to Les Paul which is
a whole different beast with the
humbuckers on it it's a bigger thicker
sound so oftentimes what I'll do is back
off to gain a little bit on the pedals
but still they both function really
really great with Les Paul when you RC
booster sit same concept again
the same concept with kicking on the AC
booster just to give it a top thing that
I like
same thing you can back off with the
intensity of your fingers
with a little Distortion
sound great huh not me the pedals yeah
well it's the same things I was talking
about before it just sounds so natural
and you know the tube screamers are
great I use nothing but to screamers I
think I had some old tubes because I
used four years and they just never had
enough bottom they never went over the
top enough and this does all that you
know some pedals would do one thing
really well some pedals are like
over-the-top screaming rock sound and
that's great and but then if you try to
get anything sensitive out of them you
can't
and there's pedals that are kind of sets
of a nice bluesy thing but they can't
get over the top and to me that this
pedal does kind of everything especially
with them in tandem like I used them I
can always get a great no matter where
I'm playing live I always get people
coming and going man with a great tone
and I'm sure some of it as my guitars in
the absent me but a lot of is that pedal
and that you know that also gives me the
extra inspiration to play well because
almost harmonics jump out you know I
don't know what it is it just sounds you
can back it down and this house like a
great little over driven amplifier well
it's not better it's just different for
solos I like both of them together I
just it just gets really creamy by them
the AC booster by itself is actually
very nice too
both of them together you can hear the
difference on the top especially fills
it out it makes it a little more a
bigger rounder